I think you can get into the trap of just in the same presentation all the time every weekend
and that can get boring, especially if you don't get a good response from it.
One of the most important things for me in learning to enjoy the ministry was to do different types of ministry
learning that it's not just about first school, it's also about return visits, street work, business territory
and the more different types of ministry that you can do, the more you really realise how varied and enjoyable it is.
And that's what helped me to enjoy the ministry more, was trying different forms of ministry, business territory, street work
and it keeps your mind focused on what you're doing.
I find that if I take my magazines on my way to work on the train and read them,
they'll always have somebody looking over my shoulder and even precisely the other day I'm trying to learn Portuguese
and I had to learn to read and write for a short in Portuguese and there was one lady that was sitting next to me
and this other sister that I read the train with and she just kind of glanced over.
She's like, oh, what's that? You're trying to learn Portuguese and she wanted more information
while we ended up witnessing to her.
I've been stopping in businesses like small corner stores where they sell the newspaper and things
and there's a lot of people, Asian backgrounds there, bring them literature and their language
and they get used to seeing me come around regularly and they're more open there.
When I was a teenager we had a lot of outside buildings and when it's really cold
and it's snowing and rain and you take advantage of the subways and if you go down there
this witness is all over but people know us and we place literally hundreds of magazines down there
and people take them on the way to work.
If we leave ourselves open to preach to someone and every opportunity possible, you'll have great experiences.